[MUSIC PLAYING]
Studies have long found that listening to music
benefits our mental health.
CBS's Nancy Chen highlights an orchestra
where the musicians themselves are the ones benefiting.
[ORCHESTRA PLAYING]
There have been plenty of high and low notes
for those on stage here at Boston's storied Symphony Hall.
But when these musicians perform together,
there is simply harmony.
What does music bring to your life?
Music brings to my life everything.
Ronald Brownstein was once a music director at Julliard
and conducted around the world.
I was able to learn and memorize complete symphonies overnight.
But then the award-winning conductor
was diagnosed with bipolar disorder,
which he says cost him work.
It was a constant up and down.
And just want an orchestra of people like me.
Along with his wife, Brownstein started the Me2/ orchestra
for people with mental illness and those who support them--
musicians like Josh Santana.
What have you found with the orchestra?
Playing music is so powerful when you are all
joined by a common mission.
The New England-based orchestra has inspired ensembles around
the country, all with the same focus--
ending the stigma.
We aren't trying to be the greatest
orchestra in the world, we are just
trying to create community.
A community, orchestrating inclusion and appreciation.
Nancy Chen, CBS News.
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]